# Contemporary Issues In Data
In this document, I discuss two articles about Data Storing Practices & Privacy Protection, and the potential dangers for consumers.

## Article 1
In Mozilla's Article, [Cars Are the Worst Product Category We Have Ever Reviewed for Privacy](https://foundation.mozilla.org/en/privacynotincluded/articles/its-official-cars-are-the-worst-product-category-we-have-ever-reviewed-for-privacy/), the author's raise some alarming concerns about the privacy implications of modern cars. While most people believe that websites and apps are the biggest privacy concerns, the way that car companies use your data is just as dangerous, **if not more so**, given the extensive and often unregulated access they have to highly personal information about your daily life and habits. They can collect personal information from how you interact with your car, the connected services you use in your car, the car’s app (which provides a gateway to information on your phone), and can gather even more information about you from *third party sources like Sirius XM or Google Maps*.
Most of these companies sell your data, make it implicitly challenging to delete your data, and there are some concerns over whether some of them even meet minimum security standards. It would be interesting to see the response that each of these car companies have to the privacy concerns addressed in this article. 

## Article 2
In CitizenLab's Article, [NSO Group iPhone Zero-Click, Zero-Day Exploit Captured in the Wild](https://citizenlab.ca/2023/09/blastpass-nso-group-iphone-zero-click-zero-day-exploit-captured-in-the-wild/) highlight the importance of keeping your software up to date. CitizenLab, a Belgian civic technology company, found evidence of a [Zero Day Attack](https://usa.kaspersky.com/resource-center/definitions/zero-day-exploit) on an employee's iPhone that was being used to deliver spyware. Termed **BlastPass**, this exploit chain was capable of compromising iPhones running the latest version of iOS (16.6) *without ***any*** interaction from the victim*.

The malicious actor would be able to read a target’s text messages, view their photos, and listen to calls without the victim ever knowing about it. Upon being notified of the vulnerability, Apple released two [CVEs](https://www.balbix.com/insights/what-is-a-cve/#:~:text=CVE%20stands%20for%20Common%20Vulnerabilities,of%20known%20vulnerabilities%20and%20exposures.) to patch the exploit. 

*Note: Apple says customers should update their phones to the newly released iOS 16.6.1.*